Hi and welcome to this exciting course on threats,
vulnerabilities and incident response.
I'm Dr. Christine Izuakor your instructor and I'm thrilled to walk you
through such a critical part of the cybersecurity domain.
A little bit more about me.
I've been in the cybersecurity industry for over a decade,
leading numerous cybersecurity functions within Fortune 100 companies.
I spent a good portion of that time monitoring systems,
finding vulnerabilities, working around the clock with various teams to fix them,
and also responding to incidents.
So I've seen first-hand just how critical
these functions are in securing companies of all sizes.
I also completed a PhD in security engineering and
went on to teach graduate level cybersecurity classes as well.
All in all, I'm very passionate about developing the next generation of
cybersecurity professionals who come from so many different backgrounds around the world,
and that includes you.
I couldn't be happier to be exploring this topic with you.